Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-professor-higgins-scenario
<br>
<p class="ui header product-top-header" title="Professor Higgins scenario Program Solution in C#">Review the following scenario and complete the design.ScenarioProfessor Higgins has asked you to design the logic that will be used to calculate final class averages and grades for his students. His grading algorithm is as follows.Exam average: 50%Quiz average: 25%Lab average: 25%&lt; Professor Higgins has 30 students in his class. For each student, Professor Higgins will enter the students’s name and store into a “names” array. Then input the value for each of the averages (exam, quiz, and lab). Then using the weighting above the program will calculate the final student class average and store each student’s final average into an array. The program will then determine the letter grade for each student using the following criteria.90–100: A80–89: B70–79 C60–69 DLess than 59 FWhen the student’s final grade is determined, the final grade will be stored in a third “grade” array.After all data have been input and calculations done, display the final output using the three arrays as a Grade Report with headings of NAME, AVERAGE, and GRADE.· Display the name, final average, and grade for all the students.· Calculate and display the total class average (total of all individual student averages / number in class).Write a program using C#, prompt the user for the appropriate input, and display the output as described above. You may assume all data are valid. Provide a program introduction message that tells the user how to use the program.

<span class="kksr-muted">Rate this product</span>